Import CSV - Updating of UG (#146)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### Saving the data

> ContaX contact data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes contact data in JSON format at `[JAR file location]/data/addressbook.json`.

Reviewer: Thank you for the update!

  * Outlook Contacts

Examples:
* `importcsv f/file.csv n/2 p/3 e/5 a/6 t/4`

>   * Reads from a CSV file treating the 2nd row as names, 3rd row as phone numbers, 5th row as email addresses, 4th row as tagged.

Reviewer: I think you confused row and columns?
```suggestion
  * Reads from a CSV file treating the 2nd column as names, 3rd column as phone numbers, 5th column as email addresses, 4th column as tags.
```

Author: thanks for the catch! resolving

* `importcsv f/file.csv n/2`

>   * Reads from CSV treating the 2nd column as names, 3rd column as phone numbers, 4th column as email address, 5th column as tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Reads from CSV treating the 2nd column as names, 3rd column as phone numbers, 4th column as email addresses, 5th column as tags.
```
Note grammar

Author: thanks for catching!
